-[bells chime]
-[chalk scrapes]
EDUCATIONAL RIGHTS PROTECTION BUREAU
ALL REPORTS
ARE KEPT CONFIDENTIAL AS A RULE
PLEASE HELP OUR SCHOOL
THIS JUST ISN'T RIGHT
THIS IS DAILY LIFE AT OUR SCHOOL
IT'S REALLY MESSED UP
PLEASE COME HELP. ERPB
[uneasy music plays]
I FEEL SO BAD FOR OUR TEACHER
EXPOSING THE STUDENT
WHO ASSAULTED A TEACHER
REPORTING A SERIOUS ASSAULT ON A TEACHER
[gasps]
We have recently discovered that
the reason behind the creation of the ERPB
was the death of a young teacher
around two years ago.
This teacher. as we have learned.
was the daughter
of the current Minister of Education
and founder of ERPB. Choi Gang-Seok.
It has also come to light that the teacher
was the fiancée of inspector Na Hwa-jin.
Are we to believe that
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
was born of moral conviction
and noble ideals?
These individuals are not guided
by good faith or public service.
Their actions are motivated solely
by revenge and a thirst for retribution.
This is a personal vendetta.
[Hwa-jin] Im Han-rim.
[music fades]
What are you doing?
-I was just watching something.
-Oh. okay.
Let's go.
Sir. did you see what happened
at the press conference?
Yeah.
Is it true what they said?
Yes. it's all true.
Han-rim. if we keep standing here.
we'll be late for our meeting. Come on.
[keyboard clacks]
[Geun-dae] None of them are here
when we have all this work.
[sighs]
This team doesn't offer any
room for growth or learning due to
its ignorant and unprofessional nature.
Add to this. the tyrannical leadership.
and I truly can't foresee
any room for growth in my current role.
"I am therefore requesting
a transfer of assignment."
[sputters] I was just…
[funky music plays]
[sighs]
Deputy Director Geun-dae.
Yes?
What is this font you're using?
You can read it all so clearly.
Sir?
Let's start using this font
on all official documents from now on.
[Geun-dae exhales]
[sighs]
-[Gang-seok] Oh…
-[gasps]
And. Deputy… [chuckles]
…the request you put in won't work.
If you want to transfer
out of this department.
find something better to convince me.
You'll have to come up
with some real reasons to leave.
So anything less than that
just sounds like whining to me. you know?
Good morning. sir.
Both of you need to get a move on!
We don't have all day!
-Look at the time!
-[gasps]
Safe.
[exhales slowly]
[Geun-dae] We just received a report.
It's from Chukmyeong
Foreign Language School.
where one of the students
assaulted their teacher.
Pretty seriously. as you can see.
There he is on the screen now.
Our informant for this report
is a fellow educator
who was there when the assault happened.
They were also able to send
video proof of the incident.
-Play the video. please.
-Yes. sir.
[teacher] Park Hyeon-ung!
What do you think you're doing?
You're a good student.
Doesn't mean you can act like this.
[teacher groans]
[students clamor]
Mr. Cheon. are you okay?
What's the matter with you?
[tense music plays]
-[boy 1] What happened?
-Hyeon-ung. why?
-[groans]
-[man] That's enough.
[boy 2] Mr. Cheon. are you okay?
TEACH YOU A LESSON
CHUKMYEONG FOREIGN LANGUAGE HIGH SCHOOL
Whoa. This is a high school?
I don't think
I've ever seen one like this before.
Mm-hmm. I know. right.
[Han-rim] I heard they were the best.
even among international high schools.
but this is impressive.
How about you guys go ahead.
I'll catch up with you in a minute.
You heard him.
Getting into university
doesn't only depend on your grades.
Like Seoul National University.
[Mr. Cheon] I took a look
at this particular student's report
and saw that his public…
Did you know that this school
actually only recently
came to be known as one of the top
international high schools in the country?
This rapid rise was mainly due
to the arrival of their star teacher.
Mr. Cheon Sang-yeol.
With his classes. students started to be
accepted into prestigious universities.
which turned this school
into what it is today.
This was all due to his hard work.
So. he's good
at getting students into uni?
It's more about his passion for teaching.
and his attitude. and being a role model.
Role model?
[Mr. Cheon] …as a teacher is difficult…
So. why would someone hit him?
[man] Not at all.
What you're accomplishing…
[Hwa-jin] I'm sorry to bother you. sir.
but I've always wanted to meet you.
I promised myself years ago that if I ever
got the chance to meet you. I'd thank you.
-Oh. is that so?
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
-Oh.
[Hwa-jin] Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm an inspector with the ERPB.
My name is Na Hwa-jin.
Good afternoon.
[Hwa-jin] It's actually thanks
to your online lectures
that I was accepted
into the Military Academy.
Well. I won't take all the credit.
I'm sure you worked very hard for it.
Actually. sir. um. I'm sorry to ask this.
but you repeated this one phrase…
Um…
Wow. I can't believe this. [laughs]
-[Mr. Cheon] Is everything all right?
-What the hell?
Why is he fanboying over him like this?
[clamoring on video]
Inspector. can we act
like this never happened?
The midterm exams
are just around the corner.
You're aware of how critical they are
for Hyeon-ung and others.
I understand. but Hyeon-ung's actions
cannot go unpunished. sir.
[inhales]
[sighs]
Can I ask you one thing?
Sorry if I'm overstepping.
but I really have to ask.
Sure. Go ahead.
If you don't mind.
could you please tell me
that line that you were always repeating
at the end of your classes.
when you'd say.
"Believe in your potential."
-Seriously? [laughs]
-[Hwa-jin laughs]
Well. I just couldn't
turn down the opportunity.
-Especially when we have chalk right here.
-[laughs]
So if you could just one more time?
-Oh. I don't know. Inspector. [chuckles]
-[Hwa-jin laughs]
-[Mr. Cheon grunts]
-Oh. damn
You must believe in your potential.
-[laughs]
-[chuckles]
[Han-rim hums]
[intriguing music plays]
[laughs]
[sighs]
Whoa.
-Oh. could you please not touch it?
-What is all of this?
I bought it with what was left
of my first paycheck.
A new… dual monitor setup.
One of them is even a touch screen. and
can be mounted onto anything. anywhere.
Isn't it awesome?
Oh. it's just a computer.
Well. it's actually much more than that.
It's a totally portable setup.
The screen resolution is 16:9
and HD quality.
Its 15.6-inch monitor makes it ideal
for watching any Netflix show you want.
Also. the aspect ratio is optimized
for the perfect gaming experience.
And you see this small thing over here?
It's a very unique USB-C port.
This one outlet powers both
the power supply and the display output
at the same time.
So it's an expensive computer.
Very nice. Super cool.
[sighs]
PATIENCE
[music stops]
[door closes]
[Han-rim] So. you're Park Hyeon-ung?
[clamoring on video]
This is a video of you
assaulting your teacher. Mr. Cheon.
Why did you do it?
[breathes shakily]
Even if I tell you why.
will you let me go?
Of course you won't.
If you're going to expel me. do it.
If you're going to report me. do it.
Stop pretending you care.
I see that you're hesitating.
Would you like me
to make it easier for you?
You would do well not to test my patience.
The school hasn't decided yet
on what measures to take
regarding Park Hyeon-ung's case.
I was the one
who reported it to the Bureau.
since I thought
you'd be able to find the right response.
Everyone in this school admires Mr. Cheon.
As a teacher.
there really isn't anybody quite like him.
He's the kind of person who motivates you
to become the best teacher you can be.
The reason our school
has gained the reputation that it has
isn't just because he teaches well.
He's the sort of teacher
who stays up all night with you
as you wait for your letter of acceptance
from your dream university.
and will be even happier than you
when you get accepted.
That's why students
would die to have him as their teacher.
And the fact that Hyeon-ung
would hit such a person.
I just couldn't stand by and do nothing.
Yeah.
Oh!
What's up?
-Whoa.
-[Han-rim grunts]
[punches thud]
This damn kid! [breathes heavily]
At what age do boys usually hit puberty?
Puberty usually begins for boys
in their first year of middle school
and ends around their second year
in high school.
So. he's about to reach puberty. This kid
is so arrogant he won't even listen to me.
How can he still be in school? He most
likely has terrible grades. What a bum.
He's no bum.
You're jumping to conclusions.
What I'm trying to say is
you might be judging him harshly.
What do you mean?
Park Hyeon-ung.
He's the number one student.
STUDENT REPORT CARD
NAME - PARK HYEON-UNG
Are you kidding me?
Now I'm even more confused.
Why would he hit him? Why Mr. Cheon?
[tense music plays]
EXAM MANAGEMENT OFFICE
[music fades]
ENGLISH DEPARTMENT. TERM 1. 2026
MIDTERM EXAM
VIEWING IS PROHIBITED
TO UNAUTHORIZED PERSONNEL
Oh.
Are these the upcoming exams?
Yes. well. I keep an eye on them.
It's part of my job
as Head of Academic Affairs.
[laughs] Wow. so the exam papers
are all here.
It's funny how. back in the day.
instead of studying for my exams.
I'd dream about stealing them
with my friends.
[both laugh]
It was more fun
to come up with ways to steal them
than to actually study for them. [laughs]
I had those same dreams. Mm.
You don't say so?
Whoa. Mr. Cheon. That can't be true?
Well. we can't stay here.
Why don't we head out?
You're telling me you and I grew up
with the same dreams?
[both laugh]
[Hwa-jin] Mr. Cheon. do you have any idea
why Park Hyeon-ung might've attacked you?
[sighs] I don't know.
Is there anything that comes to mind?
I recently created
a special class for gifted kids.
Was Hyeon-Ung part of that classroom?
[Mr. Cheon] He used to join us.
But. as time went on. it was clear
that the curriculum we were studying
was not up to his level.
Like we saw a few minutes ago.
we need to solve this part first.
Sir. we've already been over this.
These are the type of problems
we were solving in our first year.
As we can see on the board. the chord AC--
Sir. why do we only review the basics?
Will revising this even help us?
We've been going over
the same things for days.
Hyeon-ung. stay with us.
[Mr. Cheon sighs]
[somber music plays]
The class wasn't created
with only him in mind.
There were others
that wanted to study. you know?
All the same. the class was created
for his benefit. too. right? [chuckles]
I'm not sure.
Who really knows in the end? [chuckles]
DETAILED SCHOOL LIFE RECORD
[sighs] What do you wanna know?
You need to help me understand
why you would do such a thing.
[music fades]
Why would the top student
assault his teacher?
Hyeon-ung. it simply
doesn't make any sense
that a smart kid like you wouldn't
understand the weight of his actions.
I want to know what in God's name
pushed you to hit him?
With your grades. you could easily
go to any top university with a full ride.
You've studied from elementary
to high school. became the top student.
just to throw it all away?
You poured your blood. sweat and tears
into this. and now you have nothing.
Have you even thought about your parents
and the sacrifices they made?
[cries]
[Mr. Cheon] To be honest.
I made a mistake recently.
[cries]
Every year. I ask parents to come to
discuss universities for their children.
But Hyeon-ung's parents live
in the country and weren't able to come.
so I went myself.
HYEON-UNG'S KOREAN BUFFET
They were running their restaurant.
and they were so busy
that I ended up just eating there
since I didn't want to take up their time.
How's that?
[poignant music plays]
[Han-rim] What?
You haven't told them yet?
[breathes shakily]
I guess I'll be the one
to break the bad news to them.
Don't you dare! You!
[Hyeon-ung groans]
[Hyeon-ung gasps] Let go!
I said let go!
[whimpers]
Is this unfair?
Feel powerless?
Let me go now! [cries]
Why?
Then ask somebody for help.
The first step to getting help
is asking for help.
[cries]
Excuse me. Hyeon-ung.
Your tuition still has not been paid yet.
[man] Hey. champ! Your tuition for
this month hasn't been paid yet. has it?
We've been so busy at the restaurant
that it slipped my mind.
I'll take care of it soon. don't worry.
Focus on your studies. We believe in you!
[sighs]
[Hyeon-ung] After Mr. Cheon
visited our restaurant.
we were suddenly ordered to close down.
Apparently someone had complained
that we didn't have a license.
[somber music plays]
Is that why you assaulted Mr. Cheon?
Even after the restaurant closed.
my parents weren't ready to give up.
so they found me a private tutor.
[Mr. Cheon] Wow. look at that.
You did great on this test.
And this wasn't an easy exam.
You have a tutor?
Yes. sir.
That tutor of yours must be good.
What's their name?
What? You're gonna stop tutoring me?
I'm busy with my studies.
I need time for myself.
So. right after Mr. Cheon got his name.
my tutor just suddenly decided to stop.
You don't find that odd?
[music fades]
[Hwa-jin] Sir. may I ask
why you pick up these rocks?
Well. our students are usually reading or
watching lectures when they're on campus.
I won't be the one to tell them to stop.
so I pick them up
to avoid them tripping and getting hurt.
[exhales]
[Hwa-jin] Ah.
Well. now I know
why people keep calling for you
to be Seoul's next
Superintendent of Education.
Oh. don't say ridiculous things
like that. please. Inspector.
By the way. sir. which. um…
Which position is higher.
the Superintendent.
or the Minister of Education?
What?
The Minister is doing all that he can.
to be fair.
It's just that I think
some things could improve.
I was just thinking. maybe in the future
I'll be working for you.
[laughs]
-I'm serious. Mr. Cheon.
-Stop it.
[both laugh]
By the way. uh. I was just wondering.
what are you gonna do to Hyeon-ung?
We will follow the usual protocol.
[clicks tongue]
I can't help but feel bad for him.
But I guess punishment
might be the only way he'll learn.
I'm sure you know best.
The Bureau always knows best.
future Superintendent.
Inspector. please. enough of that.
I'm just doing my job.
-[Hwa-jin] It's the truth.
-[Mr. Cheon] You make me blush.
Mr. Superintendent. I'll follow
your example by picking up rocks.
Please. let me do it.
-[Mr. Cheon] This is too much.
-[Hwa-jin] No. no this is my pleasure.
[Mr. Cheon on video] Well. Min-woo. you're
quite popular with kids on the internet.
Many of my students said I should come on.
Ah. I see.
-[Mr. Cheon] Hello. everyone.
-[laughs]
[Mr. Cheon laughs]
[Min-woo] …reputation as the best teacher
in South Korea. The effort you…
Inspector. I interrogated Hyeon-ung.
and I believe that it's important
for you to hear out his story.
Boom-boom-bah!
-Yeah!
-[Hwa-jin] The chalk snap.
Hey. Han-rim. you know.
he actually did this for me earlier.
Man. back in my day.
everyone did his signature chalk snap
and final line for fun.
[laughs]
Why aren't you focusing on the assignment?
You don't seem to be your usual self. sir.
You don't seem to be interested
in solving this case.
It seems Mr. Cheon is more important
than the mission of the Bureau.
Or maybe the Bureau's mission
was different all along!
[Min-woo] Something even more impressive
is that exams have gotten harder--
What do you want me to say?
[sighs]
It seems you've already judged him.
I have the impression that you believe
that the student is to blame.
What I'm trying to say is. did you come
here having already made up your mind?
Is what people are saying true?
Your work with the Bureau.
is it only a personal vendetta?
[Hwa-jin] If that's
what you're worried about.
I'd like you to get back to work.
[sighs]
Im Han-rim.
let's both stay focused. yeah?
Shit!
YEAR 3 STUDENT RANKINGS
2ND - CHOI JI-HUN
TEACHER - MR. CHEON
11TH - JUNG SU-JEONG
[suspenseful music plays]
NOAVIS INSTITUTE
-[music stops]
-[yelps]
[man] Who are you?
-[Geun-dae gasps]
-Who let you in here?
Oh. I was just trying to find somebody
who could help me register.
What school do you go to?
-Chukmyeong Foreign Language School.
-Ah. so you go to Chukmyeong.
-Yeah.
-[man exhales]
Have you heard
anything interesting about our program?
Sure. I heard
you were the best in the country.
[chuckles softly]
Unfortunately. our registration period
is over. and we're already fully booked.
Oh. but how come?
When I was looking. it seemed like
the classes were all empty. so I--
You heard what I said. didn't you?
Right. fully booked.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
-[man] Wait a minute. Excuse me!
-Yeah?
You told me you went to Chukmyeong?
-Uh-huh.
-In what class?
I'm in Class 4. specializing in English.
Oh. then you must know
the class president. Moon Hyeon-o.
Yes. Hyeon-o. Moon Hyeon-o.
I know him very well.
Ah. my mistake. [chuckles]
The class president for Class 4
is actually Bo-hyeon.
Ah. you're right. it's Bo-hyeon.
Of course. I get them confused a lot.
-How did you find out about us?
-Huh?
-Are you even a student?
-Uh. wha… Of course.
-Oh yeah?
-[Geun-dae] Y… Yes.
-Who sent you?
-[Hyeong-ju] Geun-dae!
-No way. Geun-dae!
-[Geun-dae] Whoa! Is that you Hyeong-ju?
I'm pissed with you.
You didn't tell me when you transferred.
-What school are you at now?
-I'm at Chukmyeong International School.
-Did you cut your hair?
-[Hyeong-ju laughs]
[Geun-dae] How've you been?
I'm happy for you.
I always knew it. You were made
for the top-performing high schools.
How are things for you?
Same as always. There's still a pecking
order. and they still fight all the time.
-Ugh.
-But they stopped bothering me.
-Seriously?
-[Hyeong-ju] Yeah.
-That's great.
-And how's it going for you?
Are you adjusting well?
[pop music plays]
[Seong-hwan] Hey. wait. slow down.
Hyeong-ju's in there.
Hey! What's Hyeong-ju doing here?
Yo. Kim Hyeong-ju!
Silly bastard. why aren't you studying
for the exam tomorrow?
Hold on. Whoa. isn't that Geun-dae?
-No way.
-Hi there.
-Hey. careful. Don't eat too fast.
-It's too damn good.
[In-beom] Stuffing his face
like a fucking pig!
I've been studying so much
I gained 50 pounds.
-It's not studying that's making you fat.
-[Seong-hwan] Yeah. you're right. [laughs]
Hey. wait. Hyeong-ju.
You were able to write
that cheat sheet. right?
-Say. "Ah."
-Ah.
Don't you want to share with me first?
I told you.
My class doesn't have the same exams.
It's the same fucking exam
for the most part.
-[Seong-hwan] Yeah? Eat this.
-[yelps]
-[laughter]
-[In-beom] Fuck you!
-[Hyeong-ju] Hey!
-Gonna kill this fucking idiot!
You two should play
rock. paper. scissors for it.
[Seong-hwan] Okay. Let's go.
-Rock. paper. scissors. shoot! And shoot!
-Scissors. shoot! And shoot!
-[laughter]
-[Seong-hwan] This fucking guy!
-[In-beom] Let's go!
-[Seong-hwan] Fine. One more time.
[In-beom] Rock. paper. scissors. shoot!
I won again!
-I get the notes!
-[Seong-hwan] Shit!
[poignant music plays]
[sighs]
[microwave dings]
[microwave door opens]
REPORT ON CHUKMYEONG HIGH
BY BONG GEUN-DAE. ERPB
[distant screaming]
[screams]
[boy 1] Hey! Stop it.
Stop running. you bitch!
-[boy 2] Hey. don't let her get away!
-[boy 1] Slow down!
Where do you think you're going?
[boy 2] Hey! Seriously.
stop fucking running! Stop right there!
-[boy 1] Damn it!
-[boy 2] How is she so fucking fast?
[girl 1 panting]
[music fades]
What now. huh?
[boy 1] You crazy fucking bitch.
-[boy 3] Hey.
-[girl 2] Caught you. you lunatic.
-Fuck.
-[boy 1] Come here!
-[boy 1 grunts]
-[girl 3 laughs]
[girl 3] Oh. did that hurt you?
It must sting so bad.
[girl 2] I nearly puked chasing you.
you stupid fucking bitch.
-[girl 1 breathes shakily]
-Han-rim.
What is it gonna take
for you to come to your senses?
Who do you think you are? Joan of Arc?
Why the hell did you think it was
a good idea to stand up for that outcast
when you're just some loser yourself?
Han-rim. who the fuck
do you think you are?
-Hey. It's time to learn your lesson.
-[boy 3] Good idea.
All right. come here.
[girl 3 laughs]
[boy 3 chuckles] We're not done yet.
I missed a bit.
[Hwa-jin] What are you guys doing?
[Han-rim breathes shakily]
-[boy 1 sighs]
-[breathes shakily]
Just some damn soldier.
None of your business.
so just move along. okay?
Look at this guy.
"Sir. yes. sir. At your service."
We're a little busy with our friend
over here. if you don't mind.
Are they your friends?
We're more than friends. We're… besties.
Whoa! Man. I think
there's a bug flying around.
-[boy 1] Oh. you scared?
-[boy 3] Fuck. no. Scared of what?
[boy 1] What a prick. [laughs]
-[boy 3] I wasn’t scared. Fucking idiots.
-[girl 3 laughs]
Do you want help?
[breathes shakily]
Just ask for my help.
[Han-rim breathes shakily]
The first step to getting help
is asking for help.
[breathes shakily]
[girl 3 laughs]
[girl 2] Do you know this guy?
Is he your boyfriend?
-[gags]
-[laughter]
[girl 3] That's disgusting. [laughs]
[girl 2] How did this loser
even get a boyfriend?
[girl 3 laughs]
[girl 3] No way! She's crying. [laughs]
[boy 2] Oh. he's so cool. Mr. Cool Guy.
-Look. he's leaving.
-[boy 3] Good. He's fucking leaving.
[boy 2] Oh my God.
she just grabbed his leg.
[poignant music plays]
[boy 1] She's so pathetic.
Mister.
please help me.
-Okay. I got you.
-[Han-rim cries]
[boy 2] She's still crying.
[boy 3 sighs]
What do you think you're gonna do?
[scoffs] You're just a soldier.
You can't touch me. I'm just a kid.
Do you think I care?
-[boy 2] You can't do that!
-[boy 3] Ow. fuck.
[groans]
[girl 3] Let's get out of here.
He's fucking crazy.
-[boy 2] Hey. wait for me. assholes!
-[boy 3] That hurts so fucking bad.
[poignant music continues]
[Hwa-jin] Give me your hand.
♪ Oh. love ♪
♪ Doesn't have to be hard ♪
♪ Just simple as us ♪
♪ Oh love ♪
♪ Doesn't have to be hard… ♪
[panting]
[music fades]
-[Hwa-jin] Thank you for the tea.
-[Mr. Cheon] Of course.
Ah. Mm.
[clicks tongue] All right.
let's get started. then.
So I was amazed to see
that all the top students in the school
are all a part of your class. Mr. Cheon.
Yes. well. you see. all those students
come from upper-class. affluent families.
The other teachers didn't want
that pressure. so I took it upon myself.
You really are quite amazing.
Thank you for your service.
-No. it's my pleasure.
-[Hwa-jin chuckles]
Something that I didn't know
was this Noavis.
I see all your top students attend this
private academy. Except Park Hyeon-ung.
Hm. Have you heard about Noavis?
[clears throat] Sure.
It's quite a reputable academy
that only accepts the best.
[Hwa-jin] You're right. So I can imagine
how disappointed they must be.
I mean. when you think about it.
the top student. Park Hyeon-ung.
didn't even attend their academy.
From what I understand.
all these top academies
are fighting amongst themselves
to have the best students join them.
-Well. it's very competitive.
-[Hwa-jin chuckles]
Then. let's imagine this. hm?
If Hyeon-ung isn't allowed to take his
exams because of what happened at school.
then who is the party
that benefits the most?
Is it Noavis
who he has been a thorn in the side of?
Is it all the students
who would move up in the ranks
due to Hyeon-ung dropping out?
Or could it be one student in particular
who would move into the top ten?
For example. Jung Su-jeong.
Inspector. why don't you
get right to the point?
[tense music plays]
Mr. Cheon. do you happen to know
a student named Han Ye-ri?
I'm not sure.
Well. before this case. we were asked
to investigate Soyeon Girls' High School.
She was a student there.
You don't know her?
[chuckles] Sir. you were actually
her middle school teacher.
Yes. I remember her now.
Good. So I spoke with Ye-ri.
She told me that her grades were great.
She was preparing to enroll
here at Chukmyeong High.
but in the end. wasn't able to come here
because she failed her exam.
How curious.
[Hwa-jin] Isn't it?
And since she wasn't able
to attend Chukmyeong High.
the last person to get in
was the one and only Jung Su-jeong.
How bizarre.
Now. why do you think
Ye-ri failed her exam
when she was doing so well? Hm?
Maybe it was because she didn't have
rich parents like Su-jeong?
Is that why you fabricated that ridiculous
special class to stop her from studying?
That you forced her tutor to quit?
And that you would go as far
as to shut down her parents' store.
just like you did to Hyeon-ung?
You harassed her psychologically
to make her drop out?
[Ye-ri sighs]
What do you want? Haven't you
done enough to make my life miserable?
What more do you want from me now. mister?
Huh?
[Ye-ri sighs]
[music fades]
I want you to tell me about a teacher.
Cheon Sang-yeol.
[tense music resumes]
What did Cheon Sang-yeol do to you. Ye-ri?
That's all I want from you.
You think being one of the top students
means you're part of the elite now?
Wake up. Ye-ri. Everyone is born
to be a certain social class.
In your case… [scoffs]
…you're nothing but trash.
[laughs] Just like your mom. and your dad.
and everyone else in your family.
And that will never change.
[chuckles scornfully]
[sighs]
Son of a bitch. [cries]
[sniffles]
I heard that she caused problems
at Soyeon High.
She's not exactly
what I'd call trustworthy.
[sighs] Mr. Cheon. I never said anything
about Ye'ri's involvement
in any issues at her school.
Just a second ago.
you didn't seem to remember her at all.
But it's clear to me now that you're
well-informed about events at Soyeon High.
I just assumed that the Bureau was there
to resolve an issue.
So…
whatever game you're playing.
it's time to stop.
Let's talk about Hyeon-ung.
You know. that student
you seem to be so preoccupied with.
I'll make sure that he takes his exam.
Hyeon-ung will take the exam?
Thank you. Inspector.
[music stops]
I. for one.
do believe in the potential of the Bureau.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
-[girl] Isn't that too much?
-You're right. maybe it is.
-Hey. is that Hyeon-ung?
-What?
-[boy] What's he doing here?
-What the hell?
The balls to come back here
after what he did.
[girl] Some people have no shame.
[boy] Seriously. I can't believe
he wasn't expelled.
If I did that. I'd be too ashamed
to show my face.
[birds chirp]
[woman] What the hell are you playing at?
Why am I hearing
that Hyeon-ung will be taking the exam?
I told you that if Su-jeong
is to make up for her poor performances
and breach the top ten.
Hyeon-ung must not be allowed
to write this next exam. Is that clear?
Please. have a drink.
I'm afraid you must do this for me.
or you'll never make superintendent.
How come all your other students manage
to make the top ten. but not my daughter?
I'm paying you tenfold
what the others are. Is that not enough?
Just shut it. will you?
I can't change
that your daughter's a fool. you know?
What did you say?
You said it yourself.
Everyone does well except Su-jeong.
She keeps spinning her wheels.
but she's going nowhere.
How dare you speak this way
about my daughter?
And the superintendent job. I can easily
get that without your support.
I'm not the one who has
the most to lose here. You are.
Su-jeong needs me to get to college.
So please.
just stay out of this. all right?
Let me take care of this.
And we're in a nice establishment.
Show some class.
[sighs]
[beeping]
Oh! You scared me.
What are these?
-Hold them for me.
-What?
[Geun-dae gasps]
Aren't you over it yet?
You've been running around for hours.
-No. I'm not over it.
-Oh!
-[Geun-dae gasps]
-[grunts]
[panting]
Han-rim. it's already late. and I need
to get more RAM for my computer.
[Han-rim grunts] Damn it! [sighs]
Why are you so angry anyways?
[Han-rim] God damn it.
It's because of the inspector.
-He's just not the man I thought I knew.
-What?
He isn't even interested
in what Hyeon-ung has to say. you know?
All that interests him
is his hero. Mr. Cheon!
-It's a personal vendetta. that's all.
-[Geun-dae] That's not it. You're wrong!
[music fades]
Then what's it about?
Ever since the inspector came back
from his visit with Han Ye-ri
he's spent all his time
investigating Mr. Cheon.
And that's why he told me to look into
the top students in Mr. Cheon's class.
That's why I looked into the Noavis
Institute. and went to pay them a visit.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-[Geun-dae sighs]
-Then tell me why nobody told me about it?
Huh?
Because. well. apparently.
you aren't very good at deceiving people.
and are kind of a bad liar.
or so I'm told.
-[sighs]
-[Geun-dae] What are you doing?
-[Han-rim] Shit.
-Whoa!
[Han-rim screams]
[screams]
-Deputy Bong.
-What?
-Why's she running?
-[Han-rim screams]
She says that she's running
because she's ashamed of herself.
Ah.
You gotta learn to slow down!
-[panting]
-[gentle music plays]
[panting]
You lied to me.
Why did you pretend all this time
that you were a fan of Mr. Cheon?
That's where you're wrong.
It wasn't a lie at all.
I actually was a fan of his.
I was just hoping that he really was
an inspirational figure.
[exhales]
How come you didn't trust me enough?
You didn't say a single word to me.
I wish you would've told me something.
To hide your plan from me. of all people.
I just can't…
I thought that
I couldn't trust you anymore.
You made me think
that I didn't know you this whole time!
[breathes shakily]
Han-rim.
Yeah?!
You've known me how long?
Just follow my lead.
Are we clear?
Yes. sir! We're clear! [cries]
[Hwa-jin] This is
all because of that bastard Cheon.
Shit. [cries]
He's not gonna stand by and wait.
We have to keep an eye on him.
Where are you going. Deputy Bong?
We've got work to do.
Well. I just--
Deputy Director.
didn't I just give you an order?
[man] Inspector Na Hwa-jin?
[music stops]
We're with the police.
We received some disturbing reports.
which claim that you've used
excessive force against innocent students
during your tenure
at Daehan and Guun High.
[exhales]
Minister. we've been authorized
to execute a search and seizure mandate.
further to allegations
of abuse of authority
by the Educational Rights
Protection Bureau.
[reporter] The public prosecutor revealed
that they are investigating
Minister Choi Gang-seok
on charges of tax evasion.
The Minister is already in the spotlight
after he was accused
of using Educations Rights Protection
Bureau for his own personal revenge.
[woman 1] They were here
to protect educational rights.
so I never imagined that they would
pursue teachers this way.
And especially not to go after
someone like Mr. Cheon.
What do you think of
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
investigation on Cheon Sang-yeol?
I think they rushed into it
without any proof.
Especially with the recent revelations
that the Bureau seems to have been created
for selfish reasons
by the father and fiancé of the teacher
who was murdered two years ago.
It seems they have now switched
from targeting students
to targeting teachers
in order to muddy the waters.
That's what I believe was the motivation
behind targeting Cheon Sang-yeol.
whose character is beyond repro--
It seems that Gang-seok
has missed the mark on this one.
Should we leak some stories to the press?
Sir. what if we cornered the Bureau
and forced them to impeach the president?
"It would appear
that the Minister of Education
has fooled everybody
with his plans for the ERPB."
This might be the right moment
to put the blame on him.
[Gi-tae sighs]
Tell everyone that
we're calling a Board meeting.
[tense music plays]
Minister. do you admit that
there was a clear conflict of interest
during the hiring process
of Inspector Na Hwa-jin?
[Hwa-jin sighs]
It all happened
exactly the way you predicted it would.
You have to admit he's impressive.
The media. law enforcement.
the taxman. and the prosecutor.
Getting all of them to work together.
I don't know if the president
could even achieve that.
It's hardly the right time to talk about
that. We need to get out of this place.
[sighs] It's actually better
for us to stay here until next week.
Why would we stay here?
Because next week
is when they have the exam.
And until then.
we need to keep a very low profile.
God damn it.
SN is N squared AL.
The moment you see this.
something should pop up in your minds.
Oh. Good evening. sir.
Everybody. let's make sure
we understand this.
When we see this.
we should remember the formula
N plus one squared times AN
plus one minus…
Oh. good evening. Please. take a seat.
[uneasy music plays]
[Mr. Cheon exhales]
I saw on the news that the Bureau
won't be a problem anymore.
I was able to pull a few strings.
Your help also didn't go unnoticed.
Oh. it was nothing. [chuckles]
That's enough talk about the Bureau.
What will you do to help my daughter?
Don't worry about that.
[cell phone buzzes]
[gasps]
[woman] Is this what I think it is?
Just tell your daughter
to memorize it all.
And if she can't figure this one out.
well. I can't help her.
[gasps] You haven't shared it
with any other students. have you?
I'm sure you'll remember this. ma'am.
when the time comes for your help.
Oh. don't you worry about that. [laughs]
You have my support.
I'll be there for the fundraiser.
[chuckles] As long as the exam goes well.
the position of superintendent is yours.
[laughs] Stop!
[laughs]
[both laugh]
Well. basically my job is to provide
logistical support and backup to the team.
If they need specific documents
or any additional information--
Officer. don't waste your time
interviewing this man.
He's a grade one civil servant.
He simply does whatever he's told to do.
You're just wasting your time with him.
-Deputy Bong!
-Oh!
The officers told me
that I was free to leave now. so…
Go and print your request.
-Sorry? I'm not sure what you mean?
-Your transfer of assignment request.
I'll sign off on it.
Print it out and bring it to me.
Isn't that what you wanted?
Uh. actually. sir.
I thought about it again.
and I think I might have changed my mind.
I told you to bring it to me!
I've thought about it. and I don't think--
I told you to go!
[funky music plays]
-[Geun-dae sighs]
-[sighs]
[sighs]
[sighs] Yes. sir.
-You requested a transfer?
-[Geun-dae] But I changed--
Didn't you hear what I said?
Yes. sir. I'll go and print it right now.
I AM REQUESTING A TRANSFER OF…
TRANSFER APPLICATION
[Geun-dae] Just take another look.
I. uh…
Uh…
[Han-rim huffs]
With the way things are now. nothing good
will come of you staying with the Bureau.
Inspector Na Hwa-jin.
would you sign this?
I don't want you to feel guilty.
so stand tall.
[chuckles] You have no reason
to be ashamed.
[Han-rim] Goodbye. Geun-dae.
[music stops]
-[pen clatters]
-Oh. sorry about that.
-[laughs]
-[boy laughs]
-What are you looking at?
-[girl 1] Don't be a douche. Pick it up.
[girl 2] Aw. you're going to make him cry.
Just look at this guy.
Good morning. everyone.
Please put your textbooks and phones away.
Hyeon-ung. best of luck.
[tense music plays]
Goodbye. sir.
-[Han-rim] Goodbye. sir.
-Great job.
[man] What was the real reason
you founded the ERPB?
Was it for revenge?
Was it because of your murdered daughter?
Or was it actually a sham
to use your dead daughter for sympathy
and gain political power?
Why was an innocent man
like Cheon Sang-yeol
deemed a target by your Bureau?
You saw that you were
losing the public's support.
so you used him as a distraction.
EXAM MANAGEMENT OFFICE
RESTRICTED AREA
[music stops]
EXAM MARKING PROGRAM
What? Let me look at that one. please.
JUNG SU-JEONG
SUBJECT: CALCULUS
This is right.
[hums]
JUNG SU-JEONG. SCORE: 0
Excuse me. would you pass me
the math papers?
Here.
-And the English one?
-[woman] Here it is.
What the… Wait!
[suspenseful music plays]
[music stops]
Stop the exam right now!
-I'm sorry. I don't understand.
-[Mr. Cheon] Stop the exam immediately!
Everyone. send your papers
to the front! Now!
Sir. the examination period
isn't over yet.
How did this… Why are you still writing?
Put your pencils down!
-This isn't the right exam paper.
-[Hwa-jin] Wait!
But…
The exam's not over yet.
No.
-You all heard what I said.
-Everyone. sit down.
Don't listen to him. Finish your exams.
Would you look at that?
You seem to be very upset about this exam.
Mr. Cheon. is there any specific reason
why you would want them to stop?
Somebody switched them.
There'll be an investigation.
-This exam will be voided and retaken.
-No. No. it won't be voided.
Somebody switched the papers! It won't…
[quiet rock music plays]
It was the Bureau that decided
to switch the exams.
But how did you… You were all in jail.
That's correct. We were all being held
at the police station.
So. how did we manage to switch them?
Inspector Na Hwa-jin.
would you sign this?
SWITCH THE EXAM PAPERS
TEAM LEADER
NA_HWAJIN@SUFFY.COM
CHEON SANG-YEOL SON OF A BITCH
CHUKMYEONG HIGH GUIDE.PDF
PS I'M STEALING THEM.
MY HIGH SCHOOL DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE
You've admitted to tampering with
the exams. You don't have that authority!
Give me your papers.
Stop writing. Stop it. I said!
You listen to me. you little-- [screams]
Let go! [screams]
Stop it! [groans]
Let go. you bastard! [screams]
-[groans]
-[teacher] What's going on here?
[groans]
Disrupting students during an exam
is strictly forbidden.
Those rules still apply to you.
You bastard.
Who do you think you are?
-[grunting]
-[boy] Mr. Cheon!
[groans] Damn you.
you piece of shit. Just…
[gasps]
[Mr. Cheon breathes shakily]
[classical music plays on TV]
ERPB SPECIAL PROJECT
Hello. hello. Mic test.
Testing. testing. one two. one two.
Hello everybody. May I have your attention
for one moment?
We ask for just a minute
of your attention.
If you could please put your pencils down
and bring your attention to the screen.
a special video
will begin shortly. entitled
The Real Reason Why the Bureau
Purposely Switched the Exams.
Switched.
[fanfare plays]
THE REASON THE ERPB
REPLACED THE EXAM PAPERS
On the original exam paper
created by Mr. Cheon Sang-yeol.
the answer to question one
was "one over two."
or answer number one
on the multiple-choice sheet.
And what did Su-jeong put?
[fanfare plays]
Jung Su-jeong's answer to question one
was also…
[jaunty music plays]
…the same as Mr. Cheon's.
[Hwa-jin] The answer
to the short-answer question
in the original exam paper
was. "cosine three theta is equal
to four cosine cubed theta
minus three cosine theta."
And Jung Su-jeong's answer was?
Jung Su-jeong's answer
to this question was…
"Cosine three theta
is equal to four cosine cubed theta
minus three cosine theta."
Like Mr. Cheon.
Jung Su-jeong unknowingly
exposed Mr. Cheon's ploy.
With the Bureau's altered exam.
she scored a whopping zero!
A big zero in math.
However. upon closer inspection…
When we compared the initial exam
with Su-jeong's answer card.
that's when we noticed
that she answered everything correctly.
By using Mr. Cheon's exam.
she scored a perfect 100%.
What's funny is that the exam questions
were actually the same.
We simply altered the order
of the questions. but not the content.
How could a good student.
such as Su-jeong.
get zero on such a crucial exam
like this one?
It's possible that she simply
didn't feel well today.
or perhaps she had copied her answers.
but was one space off.
But it does seem odd
that Jung Su-jeong's answer sheet
would've netted her a perfect 100
on the original exam
written by Cheon Sang-yeol.
Statistically. this is hardly
a coincidence. no? Hm.
What do you think?
[Su-jeong whimpers]
[gasps]
Destroying evidence will put you in jail!
-[Su-jeong whimpers]
-[girl] She wrote answers on her hand?
[woman] Is this what I think it is?
[Mr. Cheon] Tell your daughter
to memorize it all.
And if she can't figure this one out.
well. I can't help her.
[woman] You haven't shared it
with other students. have you?
He's lying! Don't believe him!
[tense music lays]
I did nothing wrong.
[Mr. Cheon] Tell your daughter
to memorize it.
[woman gasps] You haven't shared it
with any other students?
[Mr. Cheon] I'm sure you'll remember this
when the time comes for your help.
[woman] Don't you worry about that!
You have my support.
I'll be there for the fundraiser.
[laughs] As long as the exam goes well.
the position of superintendent is yours.
[woman laughs]
[Mr. Cheon laughs]
[both laugh]
You guys don't understand.
It's all out of context.
Are you kidding? What context?
-[Mr. Cheon] Yeon-jun. don't you trust me?
-[boy] How could you do this?
Everyone sit down. okay?
I'll explain everything.
-Da-yun.
-[girl] You know how much I sacrificed!
Don't forget. we've still got university.
though. Da-yun. trust me. please.
[music stops]
[Hwa-jin] Is that gonna give you enough
energy to study? Here. eat some more.
[gentle music plays]
You're quite the young man now.
You just keep your head down.
Leave the garbage
like Cheon Sang-yeol to me.
He'll get what's coming to him.
Thanks for the food. You take care.
Don't stay up too late.
[Mr. Cheon] It's really not what you
think. I would never do this. You know me!
This whole thing is a setup!
I am Hwang Gi-tae.
leader of the Mirae Daehan Party.
As I had mentioned
in my last press conference.
the ERPB was born from a desire
for revenge more than anything else.
The bigger issue at hand here
is that with
the current legislation in place.
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
has total immunity.
Let me bring to your attention
Article 8 of the Bureau's policy.
"All acts by an inspector carrying out
guidance duties or case investigations
are exempt from the rules and laws
of behavior binding civil servants
in other governmental departments."
As it stands. an inspector
could commit murder if they wanted
and would be exempt
from any legal consequence.
You may be satisfied
with their progress right now.
but I assure you. this organization
will surely bring on a terrible tragedy.
-[man 1] How dare you say this?
-[man 2] Silence!
-[man 3] That's enough!
-All of you. let the leader speak!
-Where does he get the nerve?
-[man 4] Quiet.
[Gi-tae] Minister of Education.
do you remember the day of the trial
two years ago?
I had the chance to speak to a prison
guard who remembers that day very well.
Is guard Yoon Sun-yeol
in attendance at this moment?
-Yes. sir.
-[Gi-tae] Approach the stand.
Can you provide a detailed account
of what you witnessed on that day?
After the trial was over.
as we were escorting the prisoner.
Cho Gyu-cheol. to the prison bus.
I witnessed a man driving a car
directly towards the prisoner.
[engine revs]
[Hwa-jin yells]
Can you confirm
this is the man you saw that day?
[Sun-yeol] Yes. sir. that's correct.
That's him.
[Gi-tae] Although the attack
was unsuccessful.
this shows that Na Hwa-jin
was ready to take him out.
Knowing this. the Minister of Education
appointed him as the head inspector.
Do these people have any right
to represent education?
The ERPB must be abolished immediately.
The witness may return to his seat.
Minister Choi Gang-seok.
you have the floor.
[sighs]
[Gang-seok clears throat] Let me just say.
before responding to these accusations.
I have far more serious matters
to present to you.
As a matter of priority.
we should address these matters now.
Minister. if you would please focus
on the matter at hand.
-Avoiding responsibility.
-[man 5] The Minister has nothing to say!
[man 4] Please. everyone. quiet down!
I will manage the proceedings.
During our most recent inquiry.
we discovered proof of academic fraud
taking place at Chukmyeong
Foreign Language School.
We have found evidence
of an illegal. under-the-table arrangement
between star teacher Cheon Sang-yeol.
parents of students.
and the Noavis Institute.
who conspired together
to manipulate student grades.
Cheon Sang-yeol was not only
leaking exam questions ahead of time
through the Noavis Institute.
but also went as far as to leak
the most recent midterm exam paper
in its entirety to a student.
-[man 5] What? This isn't…
-[man 2] This is unheard of.
If you will allow me. I will now reveal
the names of the parents who participated
in the fraudulent scheme
with Cheon Sang-yeol.
[intriguing music plays]
Number one. wife of the chairman
of the PH Group. Kim Yeong-ran.
[gasps] Oh my God! [moans]
Former National Commissioner of Taxes.
Joo Hyeon-ju.
The former Chief Prosecutor of Seoul
Western District Prosecutors' Office.
Kim Jin-cheol.
CEO of Doil Semiconductors. Lee Jin-bong.
Former Minister of Environment.
Kim Hui-jin.
Head Researcher at Seo Bio. Ma Seong-hun.
Dermatologist Song Eun-yeong.
Former Vice Minister of Culture.
Sports and Tourism. Kim Jeong-ho.
CEO of Ilseong Pharmaceuticals.
Ko Tae-hyeon.
CEO of Hyeonil Corporation. Kim Sang-i.
Branch Manager of Bareun Bank.
Kwon Min-ho.
Last but not least.
current member of the National Assembly.
Lee Cheol-myeon.
[reporter 1] Did he say
Lee Cheol-myeon? What?
[reporter 2] It is. Look at the list!
You'll pay for this. Damn you!
This is slander! Slander. you hear me?
Don't believe a word out of his mouth!
-I will sue you for defamation!
-Shut up!
Sit down if you don't want your child's
face plastered all over the news.
[camera shutters click]
What's wrong with all of you?
Tell me why is it that whenever the issue
of your children's education is raised.
regardless of party or occupation.
you look away and keep your mouths shut?
You all should be ashamed of yourselves.
A teacher. a person who should symbolize
honesty and integrity.
pressured a student
from an underprivileged background.
forcing them to deliberately lower
their grades. stifling their potential.
[poignant music plays]
How can that man call himself a teacher?
Not all educators
are worthy of the title of teacher.
Our Mr. President has claimed
that the Bureau has only targeted
school children.
Will you now claim
that we are only pursuing teachers.
and that we are motivated
by personal vendetta?
How dare you say this?
The Bureau is neither on the side
of the teachers nor the students.
We are on the side of the victims.
The ERPB was founded
to protect those in need.
whether you are a student
being cheated of your merits.
or a teacher abandoned in the line of fire
by the system.
You call this a personal vendetta.
and maybe you're right.
Somebody needs to step up for them
and take revenge
when the law does not permit it.
That is the only way
that the victims will find any justice.
I promise that I will find
every last person
who has profited from this fraudulent scam
and all the adults who were involved
in this cover-up.
and I will make sure that they feel
the consequences of their actions.
I will ensure that good teachers
are not condemned
for the actions of the few rotten apples.
I hope
that the adults will act as adults.
and teachers will act as teachers.
That is what the Bureau wants.
This is unbelievable. isn't it?
[sighs]
Su-jeong. where are you?
Get back here! [screams]
[Gang-seok] Oh. and to those mentioned.
let me be absolutely clear.
do not even think
about escaping somewhere overseas.
[music stops]
You've all been banned
from leaving the country.
[sighs]
[groans]
[Hwa-jin] The equipment our dear Deputy
Bong purchased worked exceptionally well.
-[Han-rim] It was expensive. apparently.
-[Geun-dae] Oh!
-[Han-rim] Want me to carry it?
-No. it's fine.
-Teach him how to pack his bags.
-[Hyeon-ung] Miss?
["First and Last" plays]
I wanted to say thank you.
Thank you so much.
♪ Just learning how to say goodbye… ♪
Don't give up. and keep studying.
♪ What did I say to you? ♪
-I think you--
-Yeah. like… What? Deputy Bong?
Did you want to say something?
♪ Your eyes… ♪
No. it's nothing.
Why are you crying? Come on. Deputy Bong.
[chuckles] Off you go. Head back inside
and study. Believe in yourself.
Yes. sir.
♪ Your eyes still… ♪
All you need to do. Hyeon-ung.
is study hard.
You got this.
By the way. how were you able to get
that list of all the people involved?
It was simple. I told them that I'd
let them off if they gave me a name.
-And they gave me all of them.
-[chuckles]
♪ From the day you chose me ♪
♪ From the day I found you… ♪
All I did was buy him a cup of tea once
while he gave me some advice.
Why isn't our attorney here? We will
only speak when our attorney arrives!
How dare you? Do you know who I am?
Attorney Kang. why aren't you here?
I want you here right now!
[officer] Sir. sit down.
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Still glowing ♪
♪ Just like the day we met ♪
♪ Your eyes… ♪
I wanted you to see how you ruined
your student's life. Cheon Sang-yeol.
[Mr. Cheon scoffs]
♪ …of our first day ♪
♪ How can I let you go? ♪
♪ Oh. I'm not ready at all ♪
♪ Let the sun rise late ♪
♪ If you're not around ♪
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Still glowing ♪
♪ Just like the day we met ♪
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Still holding ♪
♪ The light of our first day ♪
♪ How can I let you go? ♪
♪ I'm gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Yeah. I ain't playing around ♪
♪ I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run. gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Who's the bravest? ♪
♪ Let me know
How far you wanna take this ♪
♪ I've been having dreams of winning ♪
♪ I can see myself
In an esteemed position ♪
♪ I got no qualms. I got no fears ♪
♪ I got blood. sweat and tears
Under my belt ♪
♪ And now I'm switching gears ♪
♪ And there's no stopping
You got no options ♪
♪ We win by any means necessary
You got it? ♪
-♪ I'm gonna hunt you down ♪
-♪ Gonna hunt you down ♪
-♪ Yeah. I ain't playing around ♪
-♪ Ain't playing around ♪
♪ I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run. gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Yeah. I be coming for you
Like Hannibal ♪
♪ Uh. I'm a killer. call me a cannibal ♪
♪ I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run. gonna hunt you down ♪
[music stops]